---
page_title: "crowdstrike_cloud_posture_rules Data Source - crowdstrike"
subcategory: "Cloud Posture"
description: |-
  This data source retrieves detailed information about a specific cloud posture rule, including its unique identifier (ID) and associated attributes.All non-FQL fields can accept wildcards * and query Falcon using logical AND. If FQL is defined, all other fields will be ignored. For advanced queries to further narrow your search, please use a Falcon Query Language (FQL) filter. For additional information on FQL filtering and usage, refer to the official CrowdStrike documentation: Falcon Query Language (FQL) https://falcon.crowdstrike.com/documentation/page/d3c84a1b/falcon-query-language-fql
  API Scopes
  The following API scopes are required:
  Cloud Security Policies | Read & Write
---

# crowdstrike_cloud_posture_rules (Data Source)

This data source retrieves detailed information about a specific cloud posture rule, including its unique identifier (ID) and associated attributes.All non-FQL fields can accept wildcards `*` and query Falcon using logical AND. If FQL is defined, all other fields will be ignored. For advanced queries to further narrow your search, please use a Falcon Query Language (FQL) filter. For additional information on FQL filtering and usage, refer to the official CrowdStrike documentation: [Falcon Query Language (FQL)](https://falcon.crowdstrike.com/documentation/page/d3c84a1b/falcon-query-language-fql)

## API Scopes

The following API scopes are required:

- Cloud Security Policies | Read & Write


## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    crowdstrike = {
      source = "registry.terraform.io/crowdstrike/crowdstrike"
    }
  }
}

provider "crowdstrike" {
  cloud = "us-2"
}

# return a single rule within a cloud provider
data "crowdstrike_cloud_posture_rules" "specific" {
  cloud_provider = "AWS"
  rule_name      = "NLB/ALB configured publicly with TLS/SSL disabled"
}

# query by FQL filter
data "crowdstrike_cloud_posture_rules" "original" {
  fql = "rule_name:'NLB/ALB configured publicly with TLS/SSL disabled'"
}

# return all rules for a specific resource type within a benchmark
data "crowdstrike_cloud_posture_rules" "original" {
  resource_type = "AWS::ElasticLoadBalancingV2::*"
  benchmark     = "CIS 1.0.0 AWS Web Architecture"
}

# return all rules for a specific resource type within an entire framework
data "crowdstrike_cloud_posture_rules" "original" {
  resource_type = "AWS::ElasticLoadBalancingV2::*"
  framework     = "CIS"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `benchmark` (String) Name of the benchmark that this rule is attached to. Note that rules can be associated with multiple benchmarks. Example: `CIS 1.0.0 AWS*`
- `cloud_provider` (String) Cloud provider for where the rule resides.
- `fql` (String) Falcon Query Language (FQL) filter for advanced control searches. FQL filter, allowed props: `rule_origin`, `rule_parent_uuid`, `rule_name`, `rule_description`, `rule_domain`, `rule_status`, `rule_severity`, `rule_short_code`, `rule_service`, `rule_resource_type`, `rule_provider`, `rule_subdomain`, `rule_auto_remediable`, `rule_control_requirement`, `rule_control_section`, `rule_compliance_benchmark`, `rule_compliance_framework`, `rule_mitre_tactic`, `rule_mitre_technique`, `rule_created_at`, `rule_updated_at`, `rule_updated_by`
- `framework` (String) Name of the framework that this rule is attached to. Note that rules can be associated with multiple benchmarks. Examples: CIS, NIST
- `resource_type` (String) Name of the resource type to search for. Examples: `AWS::IAM::CredentialReport`, `Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines`, `container.googleapis.com/Cluster`.
- `rule_name` (String) Name of the rule to search for. If no name is defined all rules in a cloud provider will be returned.
- `service` (String) Name of the service within the cloud provider that rule is for. Examples: IAM, S3, Microsoft.Compute

### Read-Only

- `rules` (Attributes Set) List of cloud posture rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Read-Only:

- `alert_info` (List of String) A list of the alert logic and detection criteria for rule violations.
- `attack_types` (Set of String) Specific attack types associated with the rule.
- `auto_remediable` (Boolean) Autoremediation enabled for the policy rule
- `cloud_platform` (String) Cloud platform for the policy rule.
- `cloud_provider` (String) Cloud provider for the policy rule.
- `controls` (Attributes Set) Security framework and compliance rule information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--controls))
- `description` (String) Description of the policy rule.
- `domain` (String) Domain for the policy rule.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the policy rule.
- `logic` (String) Rego logic for the policy rule.
- `name` (String) Name of the policy rule.
- `parent_rule_id` (String) Id of the parent rule to inherit properties from.
- `remediation_info` (List of String) Information about how to remediate issues detected by this rule.
- `resource_type` (String) The full resource type. Format examples: `AWS::IAM::CredentialReport`, `Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines`, `container.googleapis.com/Cluster`
- `severity` (String) Severity of the rule. Valid values are `critical`, `high`, `medium`, `informational`.
- `subdomain` (String) Subdomain for the policy rule. Valid values are 'IOM' (Indicators of Misconfiguration) or 'IAC' (Infrastructure as Code). IOM is only supported at this time.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--controls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.controls`

Required:

- `authority` (String) The compliance framework
- `code` (String) The compliance framework rule code
