---
page_title: "crowdstrike_cloud_aws_accounts Data Source - crowdstrike"
subcategory: "Cloud AWS Accounts"
description: |-
  This data source provides information about AWS accounts in Falcon.
  API Scopes
  The following API scopes are required:
  Cloud security AWS registration | Read & WriteCSPM registration | Read & Write
---

# crowdstrike_cloud_aws_accounts (Data Source)

This data source provides information about AWS accounts in Falcon.

## API Scopes

The following API scopes are required:

- Cloud security AWS registration | Read & Write
- CSPM registration | Read & Write




<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) Filter the results to a specific AWS Account ID. When specified, returns details for the matching AWS account. Can be used together with organization_id filter for OR matching.
- `organization_id` (String) Filter the results to accounts within a specific AWS Organization. When specified, returns all AWS accounts associated with this organization ID. Can be used together with account_id filter for OR matching.

### Read-Only

- `accounts` (Attributes List) The list of AWS accounts (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--accounts))

<a id="nestedatt--accounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `accounts`

Optional:

- `cloudtrail_region` (String) The AWS region of the CloudTrail bucket
- `target_ous` (List of String) The list of target OUs

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The AWS Account ID.
- `account_type` (String) The type of account. Not needed for non-govcloud environment
- `asset_inventory_enabled` (Boolean) Weather asset inventory is enabled
- `cloudtrail_bucket_name` (String)
- `dspm_enabled` (Boolean) Weather DSPM is enabled
- `dspm_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM role to be used by CrowdStrike DSPM
- `eventbus_arn` (String) The ARN of CrowdStrike Event Bridge to forward messages to
- `eventbus_name` (String) The name of CrowdStrike Event Bridge to forward messages to
- `external_id` (String) The external ID used to assume the AWS IAM role
- `iam_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the AWS IAM role used to access this AWS account
- `idp_enabled` (Boolean) Weather IDP is enabled
- `intermediate_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the intermediate role used to assume the AWS IAM role
- `is_organization_management_account` (Boolean) Indicates whether this is the management account (formerly known as the root account) of an AWS Organization
- `organization_id` (String) The AWS Organization ID
- `realtime_visibility_enabled` (Boolean) Weather realtime visibility is enabled
- `sensor_management_enabled` (Boolean) Weather sensor management is enabled
