---
page_title: "crowdstrike_prevention_policies Data Source - crowdstrike"
subcategory: "Prevention Policy"
description: |-
  This data source provides information about prevention policies in Falcon.
  API Scopes
  The following API scopes are required:
  Prevention policies | Read
---

# crowdstrike_prevention_policies (Data Source)

This data source provides information about prevention policies in Falcon.

## API Scopes

The following API scopes are required:

- Prevention policies | Read


## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    crowdstrike = {
      source = "registry.terraform.io/crowdstrike/crowdstrike"
    }
  }
}

provider "crowdstrike" {
  cloud = "us-2"
}

# Get all prevention policies
data "crowdstrike_prevention_policies" "all" {
  sort = "name.asc"
}

# Get enabled Windows prevention policies and filter by name and description using individual attributes
data "crowdstrike_prevention_policies" "windows_enabled" {
  platform_name = "Windows"
  enabled       = true
  name          = "production-policy"
  description   = "production*"
  sort          = "name.asc"
}

# Get specific prevention policies by their IDs
data "crowdstrike_prevention_policies" "specific_policies" {
  ids = [
    "037a1708a8504b3a9cdbfdefba05f932",
    "4979a243c0d84342a66692f4810348ef",
    "9913bc2788a449678ab1269f44942463"
  ]
}

# Get enabled Linux prevention policies using FQL filter
data "crowdstrike_prevention_policies" "enabled_linux" {
  filter = "platform_name:'Linux'+enabled:true"
  sort   = "name.asc"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `created_by` (String) Filter policies by the user who created them. All provided filter attributes must match for a policy to be returned (omitted attributes are ignored). Supports wildcard matching with '*' where '*' matches any sequence of characters until the end of the string or until the next literal character in the pattern is found. Multiple wildcards can be used in a single pattern. Matching is case insensitive. Cannot be used together with 'filter' or 'ids'.
- `description` (String) Filter policies by description. All provided filter attributes must match for a policy to be returned (omitted attributes are ignored). Supports wildcard matching with '*' where '*' matches any sequence of characters until the end of the string or until the next literal character in the pattern is found. Multiple wildcards can be used in a single pattern. Matching is case insensitive. Cannot be used together with 'filter' or 'ids'.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Filter policies by enabled status. All provided filter attributes must match for a policy to be returned (omitted attributes are ignored). Cannot be used together with 'filter' or 'ids'.
- `filter` (String) FQL filter to apply to the prevention policies query. When specified, only policies matching the filter will be returned. Cannot be used together with 'ids' or other filter attributes. Example: `platform_name:'Windows'`
- `ids` (List of String) List of prevention policy IDs to retrieve. When specified, only policies with matching IDs will be returned. Cannot be used together with 'filter' or other filter attributes.
- `modified_by` (String) Filter policies by the user who last modified them. All provided filter attributes must match for a policy to be returned (omitted attributes are ignored). Supports wildcard matching with '*' where '*' matches any sequence of characters until the end of the string or until the next literal character in the pattern is found. Multiple wildcards can be used in a single pattern. Matching is case insensitive. Cannot be used together with 'filter' or 'ids'.
- `name` (String) Filter policies by name. All provided filter attributes must match for a policy to be returned (omitted attributes are ignored). Supports wildcard matching with '*' where '*' matches any sequence of characters until the end of the string or until the next literal character in the pattern is found. Multiple wildcards can be used in a single pattern. Matching is case insensitive. Cannot be used together with 'filter' or 'ids'.
- `platform_name` (String) Filter policies by platform_name (Windows, Linux, Mac). All provided filter attributes must match for a policy to be returned (omitted attributes are ignored). Cannot be used together with 'filter' or 'ids'.
- `sort` (String) Sort order for the results. Valid values include field names with optional '.asc' or '.desc' suffix. Example: 'name.asc', 'precedence.desc'

### Read-Only

- `policies` (Attributes List) The list of prevention policies (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies))

<a id="nestedatt--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Read-Only:

- `created_by` (String) User who created the policy
- `created_timestamp` (String) Timestamp when the policy was created
- `description` (String) The prevention policy description
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the prevention policy is enabled
- `host_groups` (List of String) List of host group IDs assigned to the policy
- `id` (String) The prevention policy ID
- `ioa_rule_groups` (List of String) List of IOA rule group IDs associated with the policy
- `modified_by` (String) User who last modified the policy
- `modified_timestamp` (String) Timestamp when the policy was last modified
- `name` (String) The prevention policy name
- `platform_name` (String) The platform name (Windows, Linux, Mac)
