---
page_title: "crowdstrike_cloud_azure_tenant Resource - crowdstrike"
subcategory: "Falcon Cloud Security"
description: |-
  This resource registers an Azure Tenant in Falcon Cloud Security.
  API Scopes
  The following API scopes are required:
  Cloud security Azure registration | Read & Write
---

# crowdstrike_cloud_azure_tenant (Resource)

This resource registers an Azure Tenant in Falcon Cloud Security.

## API Scopes

The following API scopes are required:

- Cloud security Azure registration | Read & Write


## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    crowdstrike = {
      source = "registry.terraform.io/crowdstrike/crowdstrike"
    }
  }
}

provider "crowdstrike" {
  cloud = "us-2"
}

resource "crowdstrike_cloud_azure_tenant" "org" {
  tenant_id                      = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000003"
  microsoft_graph_permission_ids = ["9a5d68dd-52b0-4cc2-bd40-abcf44ac3a30"]
  realtime_visibility = {
    enabled = true
  }
  resource_name_prefix = "1234567"
  environment          = "123"
  management_group_ids = []
  subscription_ids     = ["00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000002"]
  tags = {
    "tag1" = "value1-one"
    "tag2" = "value2"
    "tag3" = "value2"
  }
}

output "tenant_registration" {
  value = crowdstrike_cloud_azure_tenant.org.cs_azure_client_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `microsoft_graph_permission_ids` (List of String) A list of Microsoft Graph permission IDs to assign to the service principal.
- `tenant_id` (String) The Azure Tenant ID to register into Falcon Cloud Security. If subscription_ids and management_group_ids are not provided, then all subscriptions in the tenant are targeted.

### Optional

- `account_type` (String) The Azure Tenant account type. Value is 'commercial' for Commercial cloud accounts. For GovCloud environments, value can be either 'commercial' or 'gov' depending on the account type
- `cs_infra_location` (String) Azure location where CrowdStrike infrastructure resources (such as Event Hubs) were deployed.
- `cs_infra_subscription_id` (String) Azure subscription ID where CrowdStrike infrastructure resources (such as Event Hubs) were deployed.
- `dspm` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dspm))
- `environment` (String) The environment added to resources created during onboarding. It will be used if you generate new .tfvars from the UI.
- `management_group_ids` (List of String) A list of Azure management group IDs to monitor. All subscriptions under the management groups will be monitored.
- `realtime_visibility` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--realtime_visibility))
- `resource_name_prefix` (String) The prefix added to resources created during onboarding. It will be used if you generate new .tfvars from the UI.
- `resource_name_suffix` (String) The suffix added to resources created during onboarding. It will be used if you generate new .tfvars from the UI.
- `subscription_ids` (List of String) A list of subscription IDs to register in addition to any subscriptions that are targeted by management_group_ids.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags applied to managed resources. This does not effect the registration of the tenant. It will be used if you generate new .tfvars from the UI.

### Read-Only

- `cs_azure_client_id` (String) Client ID of CrowdStrike's multi-tenant application in Azure. This is used to establish the connection between Azure and Falcon Cloud Security.

<a id="nestedatt--dspm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dspm`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable data security posture management (DSPM)


<a id="nestedatt--realtime_visibility"></a>
### Nested Schema for `realtime_visibility`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable real-time visibility and detection

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# A previously registered cloud azure tenant can be imported by tenant id.
terraform import crowdstrike_cloud_azure_tenant.tenant 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
```
