---
page_title: "crowdstrike_filevantage_rule_group Resource - crowdstrike"
subcategory: "FileVantage"
description: |-
  This resource allows management of a FileVantage rule group. A FileVantage rule group is a collection of file integrity rules that can be assigned to a FileVantge policy.
  API Scopes
  The following API scopes are required:
  Falcon FileVantage | Read & Write
---

# crowdstrike_filevantage_rule_group (Resource)

This resource allows management of a FileVantage rule group. A FileVantage rule group is a collection of file integrity rules that can be assigned to a FileVantge policy.

## API Scopes

The following API scopes are required:

- Falcon FileVantage | Read & Write


## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    crowdstrike = {
      source = "registry.terraform.io/crowdstrike/crowdstrike"
    }
  }
}

provider "crowdstrike" {
  cloud = "us-2"
}


resource "crowdstrike_filevantage_rule_group" "example" {
  name        = "example_filevantage_policy"
  description = "made with terraform"
  type        = "WindowsRegistry"
  rules = [
    {
      description                 = "first rule"
      path                        = "HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows NT\\"
      severity                    = "High"
      depth                       = "ANY"
      registry_values             = ["first", "rule"]
      watch_key_value_set_changes = true
      enable_content_capture      = true
    },
    {
      description                 = "second rule"
      path                        = "HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows NT\\"
      severity                    = "High"
      depth                       = "ANY"
      registry_values             = ["Value1", "Value2"]
      watch_key_value_set_changes = true
      enable_content_capture      = true
    },
  ]
}

output "filevantage_rule_group" {
  value = crowdstrike_filevantage_rule_group.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the filevantage rule group.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the filevantage rule group.
- `rules` (Attributes List) Rules to be associated with the rule group. Precedence is determined by the order of the rules in the list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))
- `type` (String) The type of filevantage rule group.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier for the filevantage rule group.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `description` (String) Description of the filevantage rule.
- `path` (String) Representing the file system or registry path to monitor. All paths must end with the path separator, e.g. c:\windows\ for windows and /usr/bin/ for linux/mac.
- `severity` (String) Severity to categorize change events produced by this rule.

Optional:

- `depth` (String) Depth below the base path to monitor.
- `enable_content_capture` (Boolean) Enable content capture for the rule. Requires watch_file_write_changes or watch_key_value_set_changes to be enabled.
- `exclude` (String) Represents the files, directories, registry keys, or registry values that will be excluded from monitoring.
- `exclude_processes` (String) Represents the changes performed by specific processes that will be excluded from monitoring.
- `exclude_users` (String) Represents the changes performed by specific users that will be excluded from monitoring.
- `file_names` (List of String) List of file names whose content will be monitored. Listed files must match the file include pattern and not match the file exclude pattern.
- `include` (String) Represents the files, directories, registry keys, or registry values that will be monitored. Defaults to all (*)
- `include_processes` (String) Represents the changes performed by specific processes that will be monitored.
- `include_users` (String) Represents the changes performed by specific users that will be monitored.
- `registry_values` (List of String) List of registry values whose content will be monitored. Listed registry values must match the registry include pattern and not match the registry exclude pattern.
- `watch_directory_attribute_changes` (Boolean) Monitor directory attribute change events.
- `watch_directory_create_changes` (Boolean) Monitor directory creation events.
- `watch_directory_delete_changes` (Boolean) Monitor directory deletion events.
- `watch_directory_permission_changes` (Boolean) Monitor directory permission change events.
- `watch_directory_rename_changes` (Boolean) Monitor directory rename events.
- `watch_file_attribute_changes` (Boolean) Monitor file attribute change events.
- `watch_file_create_changes` (Boolean) Monitor file creation events.
- `watch_file_delete_changes` (Boolean) Monitor file deletion events.
- `watch_file_permission_changes` (Boolean) Monitor file permission change events.
- `watch_file_rename_changes` (Boolean) Monitor file rename events.
- `watch_file_write_changes` (Boolean) Monitor file write events.
- `watch_key_create_changes` (Boolean) Monitor registry key creation events.
- `watch_key_delete_changes` (Boolean) Monitor registry key deletion events.
- `watch_key_permissions_changes` (Boolean) Monitor registry key permission change events.
- `watch_key_rename_changes` (Boolean) Monitor registry key rename events.
- `watch_key_value_delete_changes` (Boolean) Monitor registry value deletion events.
- `watch_key_value_set_changes` (Boolean) Monitor registry value set events.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Identifier for the filevantage rule.
- `precedence` (Number) Precedence of the rule in the rule group.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# filevantage rule group can be imported by specifying the policy id.
terraform import crowdstrike_filevantage_rule_group.example 7fb858a949034a0cbca175f660f1e769
```
