---
page_title: "crowdstrike_ioa_rule_group Resource - crowdstrike"
subcategory: "IOA Rule Group"
description: |-
  This resource manages CrowdStrike IOA (Indicator of Attack) rule groups for organizing custom IOA rules.
  API Scopes
  The following API scopes are required:
  Custom IOA Rules | Read & Write
---

# crowdstrike_ioa_rule_group (Resource)

This resource manages CrowdStrike IOA (Indicator of Attack) rule groups for organizing custom IOA rules.

## API Scopes

The following API scopes are required:

- Custom IOA Rules | Read & Write


## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    crowdstrike = {
      source = "registry.terraform.io/crowdstrike/crowdstrike"
    }
  }
}

provider "crowdstrike" {
  cloud = "us-2"
}

resource "crowdstrike_ioa_rule_group" "example" {
  name        = "My IOA Rule Group"
  description = "A rule group for custom IOA rules"
  platform    = "linux"
  comment     = "Created with terraform"
}

resource "crowdstrike_ioa_rule_group" "minimal" {
  name     = "Minimal IOA Rule Group"
  platform = "windows"
}

output "ioa_rule_group" {
  value = crowdstrike_ioa_rule_group.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the IOA rule group.
- `platform` (String) The platform for the IOA rule group. Valid values: windows, linux, mac.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) A comment about the IOA rule group. Required for updates.
- `description` (String) The description of the IOA rule group.
- `rules` (Attributes Set) Set of IOA rules within this rule group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the rule group was created.
- `created_by` (String) The API client ID that created the rule group.
- `customer_id` (String) The customer ID that owns the rule group.
- `deleted` (Boolean) Whether the rule group is deleted.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the rule group is enabled.
- `id` (String) The ID of the IOA rule group.
- `last_updated` (String) The timestamp when this resource was last updated.
- `modified_at` (String) The timestamp when the rule group was last modified.
- `modified_by` (String) The API client ID that last modified the rule group.
- `rule_ids` (List of String) List of rule IDs in this rule group.
- `version` (Number) The version of the rule group.

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `disposition_id` (Number) The disposition ID for the rule action (e.g., 20 for Detect, 30 for Kill Process).
- `name` (String) The name of the IOA rule.
- `pattern_severity` (String) The severity level for the IOA rule. Valid values: critical, high, medium, low, informational.
- `ruletype_id` (String) The rule type ID. Use the /ioarules/queries/rule-types/v1 endpoint to get available rule type IDs.

Optional:

- `description` (String) The description of the IOA rule.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the IOA rule is enabled. Defaults to false.
- `field_values` (Attributes Set) Set of field values for the IOA rule configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--field_values))

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the IOA rule.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--field_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.field_values`

Required:

- `name` (String) The field name (e.g., 'ImageFilename', 'CommandLine').
- `values` (Attributes Set) Set of field value options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--field_values--values))

Optional:

- `label` (String) The human-readable label for the field.
- `type` (String) The field type (e.g., 'excludable').

<a id="nestedatt--rules--field_values--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.field_values.values`

Required:

- `label` (String) The label for the field value (e.g., 'include', 'exclude').
- `value` (String) The actual value/pattern for the field.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# IOA rule group can be imported by specifying the rule group id.
terraform import crowdstrike_ioa_rule_group.example 7fb858a949034a0cbca175f660f1e769
```
