---
page_title: "crowdstrike_prevention_policy_linux Resource - crowdstrike"
subcategory: "Prevention Policy"
description: |-
  This resource allows you to manage CrowdStrike Falcon prevention policies for Linux hosts. Prevention policies allow you to manage what activity will trigger detections and preventions on your hosts.
  API Scopes
  The following API scopes are required:
  Prevention policies | Read & Write
---

# crowdstrike_prevention_policy_linux (Resource)

This resource allows you to manage CrowdStrike Falcon prevention policies for Linux hosts. Prevention policies allow you to manage what activity will trigger detections and preventions on your hosts.

## API Scopes

The following API scopes are required:

- Prevention policies | Read & Write


## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    crowdstrike = {
      source = "registry.terraform.io/crowdstrike/crowdstrike"
    }
  }
}

provider "crowdstrike" {
  cloud = "us-2"
}


resource "crowdstrike_prevention_policy_linux" "example" {
  name            = "example_prevention_policy"
  enabled         = true
  description     = "made with terraform"
  host_groups     = []
  ioa_rule_groups = []
  cloud_anti_malware = {
    "detection"  = "MODERATE"
    "prevention" = "CAUTIOUS"
  }
  sensor_anti_malware = {
    "detection"  = "MODERATE"
    "prevention" = "CAUTIOUS"
  }
  quarantine                                   = true
  custom_blocking                              = true
  prevent_suspicious_processes                 = true
  script_based_execution_monitoring            = true
  upload_unknown_executables                   = true
  upload_unknown_detection_related_executables = true
  drift_prevention                             = true
  email_protocol_visibility                    = true
  filesystem_visibility                        = true
  ftp_visibility                               = true
  http_visibility                              = true
  network_visibility                           = true
  tls_visibility                               = true
  sensor_tampering_protection                  = true
  on_write_script_file_visibility              = true
  memory_visibility                            = true

}

output "prevention_policy_linux" {
  value = crowdstrike_prevention_policy_linux.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_groups` (Set of String) Host Group ids to attach to the prevention policy.
- `ioa_rule_groups` (Set of String) IOA Rule Group to attach to the prevention policy.
- `name` (String) Name of the prevention policy.

### Optional

- `cloud_anti_malware` (Attributes) Use cloud-based machine learning informed by global analysis of executables to detect and prevent known malware for your online hosts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_anti_malware))
- `custom_blocking` (Boolean) Whether to enable the setting. Block processes matching hashes that you add to IOC Management with the action set to "Block" or "Block, hide detection".
- `description` (String) Description of the prevention policy.
- `drift_prevention` (Boolean) Whether to enable the setting. Block new processes originating from files written in a container. This prevents a container from drifting from its immutable runtime state.
- `email_protocol_visibility` (Boolean) Whether to enable the setting. Allows the sensor to monitor SMTP, IMAP, and POP3 traffic for malicious patterns and improved detections.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable the prevention policy.
- `filesystem_visibility` (Boolean) Whether to enable the setting. Allows the sensor to monitor filesystem activity for additional telemetry and improved detections.
- `ftp_visibility` (Boolean) Whether to enable the setting. Allows the sensor to monitor unencrypted FTP traffic for malicious patterns and improved detections.
- `http_visibility` (Boolean) Whether to enable the setting. Allows the sensor to monitor unencrypted HTTP traffic for malicious patterns and improved detections.
- `memory_visibility` (Boolean) Whether to enable the setting. When enabled, the sensor will inspect memory-related operations: mmap, mprotect, ptrace and reading/writing remote process memory and produce events.
- `network_visibility` (Boolean) Whether to enable the setting. Allows the sensor to monitor network activity for additional telemetry and improved detections.
- `on_write_script_file_visibility` (Boolean) Whether to enable the setting. Provides improved visibility into various script files being written to disk in addition to clouding a portion of their content.
- `prevent_suspicious_processes` (Boolean) Whether to enable the setting. Block processes that CrowdStrike analysts classify as suspicious. These are focused on dynamic IOAs, such as malware, exploits and other threats.
- `quarantine` (Boolean) Whether to enable the setting. Quarantine executable files after they’re prevented by NGAV. When this is enabled, we recommend setting anti-malware prevention levels to Moderate or higher and not using other antivirus solutions.
- `script_based_execution_monitoring` (Boolean) Whether to enable the setting. Provides visibility into suspicious scripts, including shell and other scripting languages.
- `sensor_anti_malware` (Attributes) For offline and online hosts, use sensor-based machine learning to identify and analyze unknown executables as they run to detect and prevent malware. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sensor_anti_malware))
- `sensor_tampering_protection` (Boolean) Whether to enable the setting. Block attempts to tamper with the sensor by protecting critical components and resources. If disabled, the sensor still creates detections for tampering attempts but will not prevent the activity from occurring. Disabling is not recommended.
- `tls_visibility` (Boolean) Whether to enable the setting. Allows the sensor to monitor TLS traffic for malicious patterns and improved detections.
- `upload_unknown_detection_related_executables` (Boolean) Whether to enable the setting. Upload all unknown detection-related executables for advanced analysis in the cloud.
- `upload_unknown_executables` (Boolean) Whether to enable the setting. Upload all unknown executables for advanced analysis in the cloud.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier for the prevention policy.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_anti_malware"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_anti_malware`

Required:

- `detection` (String) Machine learning level for detection.
- `prevention` (String) Machine learning level for prevention.


<a id="nestedatt--sensor_anti_malware"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sensor_anti_malware`

Required:

- `detection` (String) Machine learning level for detection.
- `prevention` (String) Machine learning level for prevention.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# prevention policy can be imported by specifying the policy id.
terraform import crowdstrike_prevention_policy_linux.example 7fb858a949034a0cbca175f660f1e769
```
