---
page_title: "crowdstrike_user_role_assignments Resource - crowdstrike"
subcategory: "User Role Assignments"
description: |-
  This resource manages user roles for an existing CrowdStrike userUser roles determine what a user can see and do in the Falcon console. Every Falcon user is required to have at least one role, which is assigned when a user account is created.
  User roles are granted at the CID level, and you can have different roles in each CID you're associated with. In each CID, you have access to all of the features that your roles allow.
  API Scopes
  The following API scopes are required:
  User Management | Read & Write
---

# crowdstrike_user_role_assignments (Resource)

This resource manages user roles for an existing CrowdStrike userUser roles determine what a user can see and do in the Falcon console. Every Falcon user is required to have at least one role, which is assigned when a user account is created.
User roles are granted at the CID level, and you can have different roles in each CID you're associated with. In each CID, you have access to all of the features that your roles allow.

## API Scopes

The following API scopes are required:

- User Management | Read & Write




<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `assigned_role_ids` (Set of String) Roles to assign to the user. All available for a cid can be retrieved with the `crowdstrike_user_roles` data source

### Optional

- `cid` (String) The CrowdStrike Customer ID (CID) where the existing user resides. If not specified, the CID associated with the provider credentials will be used.
- `skip_revoke_on_destroy` (Boolean) Retain user permissions upon resource deletion, bypassing the default revocation process
- `uid` (String) The user's email address, which serves as their username. Either uid or uuid must be provided to find an existing user.
- `uuid` (String) Unique identifier assigned to the user by CrowdStrike. Either uid or uuid must be provided to find an existing user.
